DOCS-8972-mule-runtime-supportability (#146)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/quick-start.adoc

[NOTE]
Functional Monitoring is covered in xref:api-functional-monitoring::index.adoc[API Functional Monitoring].

> == Runtime Version Requirements

Author: ```suggestion
== Mule Runtime Engine Version Requirements
```

For complete functionality, use the following Mule runtime engine versions with Anypoint Monitoring:

* Mule 3 versions 3.8.7 and later +
Versions 3.8.6 and earlier are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.
* Mule 4 +

> Enhanced metrics for API Analytics is supported only for Mule runtime engine versions 4.1.6 and later.

Author: ```suggestion
To use enhanced metrics for API Analytics, you must use Mule runtime engine version 4.1.6 or later.
```

[NOTE]
Functional Monitoring is covered in xref:api-functional-monitoring::index.adoc[API Functional Monitoring].

> == Runtime Version Requirements

Reviewer: "Runtime Version Requirements"
Is this (Runtime Version) Requirements or Runtime (Version Requirements)?
Or do you mean something else, since there are no requirements listed in this section, given the way that the sentences are structured?

- "you can use" doesn't denote a requirement. If you want to recast this sentence as a requirement, change "you can use" to "use".
- You put both Mule 3 and Mule 4 together under "for complete functionality", which implies that "complete functionality" means the same thing for both Mule versions, which I don't think it does. I think you mean this: "If you are using Mule 3, use version 3.8.7 or newer. Versions 3.8.6 and older are not supported. To have access to all of the features in Mule 4, use versions 4.1.6 or newer. Older versions do not include enhanced metrics for API Analytics."
- "If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.5, you cannot use enhanced metrics for API Analytics." doesn't denote a requirement. If you want to recast the sentence as a requirement (and don't want to use my revision in the previous bullet point), change it to this: "If you want to use enhanced metrics for API Analytics, you must use a version of Mule 4 that is more recent than 4.1.5." In fact, this requirement is a bit odd. Above, you say, "For complete functionality, use Mule 4.1.6 or newer." Then, you say that 4.1.5 doesn't support enhanced metrics. So, either 4.1.5 also doesn't support another feature in addition to enhanced metrics, or you should say above, "For complete functionality, use Mule 4.1.5 or newer."
- "Versions 3.8.6 or older are not supported" contradicts the part where you say "for complete functionality, use Mule 3 3.8.7 or newer." In fact, if the user wants to use Mule 3 at all, the user must use 3.8.7 or newer. I suggest using my revision in the second bullet point.

> For complete functionality, you can use the following runtime versions with Anypoint Monitoring:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For complete functionality, you can use the following Mule runtime engine versions with Anypoint Monitoring:
```

> For complete functionality, you can use the following runtime versions with Anypoint Monitoring:

Author: ```suggestion
For complete functionality, use the following runtime versions with Anypoint Monitoring:
```

> * Mule 3: versions 3.8.7 or newer

Author: ```suggestion
* Mule 3: versions 3.8.7 or newer +
Versions 3.8.6 and earlier are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.
```

> * Mule 4: versions 4.1.6 or newer

Author: ```suggestion
* Mule 4: versions 4.1.6 or later +
Enhanced metrics for API Analytics is supported only for Mule runtime engine versions 4.1.6 and later.
```

> If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.5, you cannot use built-in API metrics.

Reviewer 3: Instead of using "built-in API metrics", let's use the the official name that we use in the rest of the doc - "Enhanced metrics for API Analytics".

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.5, you cannot use enhanced metrics for API Analytics.
```

> If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.5, you cannot use enhanced metrics for API Analytics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring supports enhanced metrics for API Analytics only on Mule versions 4.1.5 and later.
```

Reviewer 2: Or just cave and use passive voice: Enhanced metrics.... are supported...

Reviewer 2: Also, suggest moving the caveats to sub-paras under each Mule version bullet.

> If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.5, you cannot use enhanced metrics for API Analytics.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.6, you cannot use enhanced metrics for API Analytics.
```

> If you are using a Mule 4 version that is older than version 4.1.6, you cannot use enhanced metrics for API Analytics.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Versions 3.8.6 or older are not supported. Additionally, all -AM runtime versions are deprecated.

Reviewer 3: Regarding -AM runtime, I suggest saying something like "Additionally, any runtime version with a '-AM' postfix is deprecated"

Reviewer 3: Note that I saw in the "Built-in API Analytics Dashboard" page, there's verbiage there that also lists out versions. We should scan the rest of the Monitoring docs and remove other places that lists out versions.

Author: ```suggestion
Versions 3.8.6 or older are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.
```

Author: Yes - I believe I have a ticket for that.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Versions 3.8.6 or older are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
Versions 3.8.6 and older are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.
```

> Versions 3.8.6 or older are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.

Reviewer 2: This should actually be "and earlier" (per SG). Or spin it positively "Versions 3.8.7 and later are supported"

> Versions 3.8.6 or older are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
Versions 3.8.6 and earlier are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.
```

> Versions 3.8.6 and earlier are not supported. Additionally, all runtime versions that have the `-AM` suffix are deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
```
